README.md, before:

# strivers-a2z-sheet

## Beginner Problems

##### Basic Strings

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Reverse a string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/reverse-string.js) | ✅      |
| [Valid Palindrome](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-strings/palindrome-check) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/palindrome-check.js) | ✅      |
| [Largest odd number in a string ](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-odd-number-in-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/largest-odd-number.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/largest-common-prefix.js) | ✅      |
| [Isomorphic Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/isomorphic-strings.js) | ✅      |
| [Rotate String](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/rotate-sring.js) | ✅      |
| [Valid anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/valid-anagram.js) | ✅      |
| [Sort Charcters by frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/sort-charcters-by-frequency.js) | ✅      |

##### Basic Arrays

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Sum of array elements](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/sum-of-array-elements) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/sum-of-array-elements.js) | ✅      |
| [Count of odd numbers in an array](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/count-of-odd-numbers-in-array/submissions) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/count-of-odd-numbers-in-an-array.js) | ✅      |
| [Reverse an arrry](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/reverse-an-array) | [Solution]()                                                 | ✅      |
| [Check if the array is sorted](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/check-if-the-array-is-sorted) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/check-if-array-is-sorted.js) | ✅      |

------

## Sliding Window

##### Constant Window

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Maximum points you can obtain from cards](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards.js) | ✅      |
| [Max Sum subarray of size k](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k5313/1) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k.js) | ✅      |
| [Maximum average subarray -1](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k.js) | ✅      |

##### Number of subararys

| Questions                                                    | Solutions                                                    | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [SubArray product Less than K ](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-product-less-than-k/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Number%20of%20subarrays/subarray-product-less-than-k.js) | ✅      |

##### Longest-Smallest Window Problems

| Questions                                                    | Solutions                                                    | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Binary String Flip](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/binary-string-flip.md) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/binary-string-flip.md) | ✅      |
| [Length of longest subarray whose sum is less than or equal to k ](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/length-of-largest-subarray-whose-sum-is-less-than-or-equal-to-k.md) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/length-of-largest-subarray-whose-sum-is-less-than-or-equal-to-k.md) | ✅      |
| [Longest Substring with atmost k distinct characters ](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/sliding-window-and-2-pointer/longest-and-smallest-window-problems/longest-substring-with-at-most-k-distinct-characters) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/longest-substring-with-atmost-k-characters.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Substring without repeating charcters](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/sliding-window-and-2-pointer/longest-and-smallest-window-problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) | [Solution]()                                                 | ✅      |
| [Max Consecutive Ones 3](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/max-consecutive-ones-3.js) | ✅      |
| [Fruits into baskets](https://leetcode.com/problems/fruit-into-baskets/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/fruits-into-baskets.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/longest-repeating-charcter-replacement.js) | ✅      |

##### 



















## Binary Search

#### Fundamentals

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Search X in sorted array](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/search-x-in-sorted-array) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/search-x-in-sorted-array.md) | ✅      |
| [Lower Bound](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/lower-bound-) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/lower-bound.md) | ✅      |
| [Upper Bound](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/upper-bound) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/upper-bound.md) | ✅      |

#### Logic Building

| Questions                                    | Solution | Status |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ |
| Search Insert Position                       |          | ✅      |
| Floor and ceil in sorted array               |          | ✅      |
| First and last occurrence                    |          | ✅      |
| Search in rotated sorted array - 1           |          | ✅      |
| Search in rotated sorted array - 2           |          | ✅      |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array         |          | ✅      |
| Find out how many times the array is rotated |          | ✅      |
| Single Element in sorted array               |          | ✅      |

Commit message:

count the number of subarrays containing all 3 characters

README.md, after:

# strivers-a2z-sheet

## Beginner Problems

##### Basic Strings

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Reverse a string](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/reverse-string.js) | ✅      |
| [Valid Palindrome](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-strings/palindrome-check) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/palindrome-check.js) | ✅      |
| [Largest odd number in a string ](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-odd-number-in-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/largest-odd-number.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/largest-common-prefix.js) | ✅      |
| [Isomorphic Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/isomorphic-strings.js) | ✅      |
| [Rotate String](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-string/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/rotate-sring.js) | ✅      |
| [Valid anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/valid-anagram.js) | ✅      |
| [Sort Charcters by frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Strings/sort-charcters-by-frequency.js) | ✅      |

##### Basic Arrays

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Sum of array elements](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/sum-of-array-elements) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/sum-of-array-elements.js) | ✅      |
| [Count of odd numbers in an array](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/count-of-odd-numbers-in-array/submissions) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/count-of-odd-numbers-in-an-array.js) | ✅      |
| [Reverse an arrry](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/reverse-an-array) | [Solution]()                                                 | ✅      |
| [Check if the array is sorted](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/beginner-problems/basic-arrays/check-if-the-array-is-sorted) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Beginner%20Problems/Basic%20Arrays/check-if-array-is-sorted.js) | ✅      |

------

## Sliding Window

##### Constant Window

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Maximum points you can obtain from cards](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/maximum-points-you-can-obtain-from-cards.js) | ✅      |
| [Max Sum subarray of size k](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k5313/1) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k.js) | ✅      |
| [Maximum average subarray -1](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Constant%20Window/max-sum-subarray-of-size-k.js) | ✅      |

##### Number of subararys

| Questions                                                    | Solutions                                                    | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [SubArray product Less than K ](https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-product-less-than-k/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Number%20of%20subarrays/subarray-product-less-than-k.js) | ✅      |

##### Longest-Smallest Window Problems

| Questions                                                    | Solutions                                                    | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Binary String Flip](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/binary-string-flip.md) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/binary-string-flip.md) | ✅      |
| [Length of longest subarray whose sum is less than or equal to k ](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/length-of-largest-subarray-whose-sum-is-less-than-or-equal-to-k.md) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/length-of-largest-subarray-whose-sum-is-less-than-or-equal-to-k.md) | ✅      |
| [Longest Substring with atmost k distinct characters ](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/sliding-window-and-2-pointer/longest-and-smallest-window-problems/longest-substring-with-at-most-k-distinct-characters) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/longest-substring-with-atmost-k-characters.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Substring without repeating charcters](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/sliding-window-and-2-pointer/longest-and-smallest-window-problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) | [Solution]()                                                 | ✅      |
| [Max Consecutive Ones 3](https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones-iii/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/max-consecutive-ones-3.js) | ✅      |
| [Fruits into baskets](https://leetcode.com/problems/fruit-into-baskets/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/fruits-into-baskets.js) | ✅      |
| [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/description/) | [Solution](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/dsa-to-do-sheet/blob/main/Sliding%20Window/Longest%20Smallest%20window%20problems/longest-repeating-charcter-replacement.js) | ✅      |

##### Count the number of substrings containing all 3 characters

| Questions                                             | Solutions    | Status |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ------ |
| [Number of substrings containing all 3 characters ]() | [Solution]() | ✅      |
|                                                       |              |        |
|                                                       |              |        |
|                                                       |              |        |



















## Binary Search

#### Fundamentals

| Questions                                                    | Solution                                                     | Status |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| [Search X in sorted array](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/search-x-in-sorted-array) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/search-x-in-sorted-array.md) | ✅      |
| [Lower Bound](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/lower-bound-) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/lower-bound.md) | ✅      |
| [Upper Bound](https://takeuforward.org/plus/data-structures-and-algorithm/binary-search/fundamentals/upper-bound) | [Link](https://github.com/SuvadeepMukherjee/strivers-a2z-sheet/blob/main/Binary%20Search/1.Fundamentals/upper-bound.md) | ✅      |

#### Logic Building

| Questions                                    | Solution | Status |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ |
| Search Insert Position                       |          | ✅      |
| Floor and ceil in sorted array               |          | ✅      |
| First and last occurrence                    |          | ✅      |
| Search in rotated sorted array - 1           |          | ✅      |
| Search in rotated sorted array - 2           |          | ✅      |
| Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array         |          | ✅      |
| Find out how many times the array is rotated |          | ✅      |
| Single Element in sorted array               |          | ✅      |
